7.0-rc1 polishing (#1882)
pocl/pocl: doc/sphinx/source/notes_7_0.rst

Release highlights
===========================

* PoCL received the official OpenCL 3.0 conformance stamp with the
  `CPU <https://www.khronos.org/conformance/adopters/conformant-products/opencl#submission_450>`_ (x86-64) and
  `LevelZero <https://www.khronos.org/conformance/adopters/conformant-products/opencl#submission_453>`_
  drivers. Conformance testing via OpenCL-CTS passed with both OpenCL C
  and SPIR-V compilation modes, for both of the drivers.

> * Proper support for Windows platform added, tested with CPU and LevelZero drivers.

Reviewer: Should it be "Level Zero"?
```suggestion
* Proper support for Windows platform added, tested with CPU and Level Zero drivers.
```

  an error flag, which the CPU driver then uses to set the NDRange
  event's state to failed.

* With "distro" builds, the kernel-lib variants now include
  the "generic" CPU variant as a fallback.

* OpenCL C printf() now correctly supports all OpenCL vector types.

* Added option to disable the support of subnormal floats.

> * Added option to avoid division-by-zero exceptions using an LLVM pass

Reviewer: I think "a LLVM pass" is the correct one.

Author: Nope!

* Support for passing more (vendor-specific) device infos
  from the pocld server to libpocl's remote driver.

* Implemented support for server-side cl_khr_command_buffer.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Level Zero driver
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* When built with -DENABLE_CONFORMANCE=ON, PoCL's Level Zero driver
  is now able to pass the full OpenCL-CTS conformance testsuite.

* Added support for many OpenCL extensions and language features, such as
  __opencl_c_ext_fpXX_XYZ_atomic_load_store, cl_intel_subgroups_XYZ,
  cl_khr_subgroups_XYZ, cl_intel_device_attribute_query,
  cl_intel_split_work_group_barrier, cl_khr_integer_dot_product,
  cl_khr_device_uuid, cl_khr_create_command_queue, cl_khr_pci_bus_info,
  and SPV_INTEL_inline_assembly.

* Support for cl_khr_command_buffer.

* Support for bundling all required files in the built libpocl library.

>   This currently only works with the LZ driver, CPU driver cannot be yet

Reviewer: Should "LZ" expanded to "Level Zero"?
